Skype Component License 1.0
===========================

WHEREAS
 * Skype has developed and distributes Skype Software and Skype APIs,
   and owns the copyright in all Components thereof;
 * You develop and distribute a software or hardware product that
   works with a Skype API;
 * Skype is willing to allow You to use certain Components of Skype
   Software in order to ensure coherent user experience throughout
   Skype Software and the Products;

NOW THEREFORE, Skype enters into this License Agreement with You
as follows:

0. Definitions

 * "Component": Icon or UI String.
 * "Component Archive": an archive file created by Skype containing
   individual Components, list of their associated Use Cases, and this
   License.
 * "Icon": a graphical representation of an Use Case.
 * "Product": a software or hardware product designed by You to work
   with a Skype API.
 * "Skype": Skype Limited, an Irish limited company having its address
   at Blanchardstown Corporate Park, !ServeCentric Unit 6, Dublin 15.
 * "Skype API": an application program interface to Skype Software.
 * "Skype Software": any computer program created by Skype.
 * "UI String": a textual representation of an Use Case.
 * "Use Case": requirements and/or specifications describing an action
   or a state of Skype Software or a Product. The names of Components
   in the Component Archive shall be relied on as Use Cases, unless
   there is a more detailed specification/description in the Component
   Archive, in which case the more detail description shall be relied
   on as the prevailing Use Case.
 * "You": the individual or legal entity who owns the copyright in a
   Product.

1. Grant of License

Subject to the restrictions set forth in Article 2 below, Skype grants
You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable,
worldwide, revocable royalty-free license to incorporate individual
Components into your Products and to distribute the Components along
with your Products.

2. Restrictions

You must:
 * use each Component to represent an action in, or a state of the
   Product that is consistent with the Use Case associated with this
   Component in the Component Archive;
 * not modify the Components in any way (except if Your Product,
   development tools or operating environment require the icons to be
   stored in file formats other than PNG, then You may perform the
   most lossless conversion to Your required file format);
 * never use the name or any other trademarks of Skype to endorse or
   promote your product without prior written permission from Skype.

Your Product must:
 * be designed to work with Skype APIs;
 * be developed and distributed according to any then-current terms
   and conditions covering the use of any Skype APIs concerned;
 * not be reasonably considered to adversely affect the performance of
   Skype Software or Skype Services, or to otherwise harm Skype's
   brand or good name;
 * reasonably allow its user to find Your contact details (Skype name
   or e-mail address under which You can be reached when necessary)
   from the user interface or documentation of the Product;
 * reproduce, in the reasonable location of its user interface or
   documentation, the entire disclaimer set forth in Article 4 below.

If You distribute Your Product under an open-source license or any
other license that permits making derivative works of the Product,
then You must include the complete unmodified Component Archive with
the source code of your Product.

3. Termination

If Skype becomes aware that Your Product violates any of the
restrictions above or breaches any of the terms of this liencse, Skype
will notify You of the violation and/or breach. If You fail to bring
the Product into compliance with the above terms within 30days from
the date of notification, this license will automatically terminate
with regard to that Product. Upon termination you agree to immediately
stop any further use and distribution of the icons. No party will be
liable to any other for compensation, indemnity or damages of any sort
solely as a result of terminating this license in accordance with its
terms, and termination of this license will be without prejudice to
any other right or remedy of any party.

4. Disclaimer

Portions copyright Â© 2004-2006 Skype Limited. All rights reserved.

This product contains certain non-functional components that are
property of Skype Limited (Skype). Skype has licensed these components
to the creator of this product "as is" and disclaims any express or
implied warranties, including but not limited to the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event shall Skype or its contributors be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages
(including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or
services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption)
however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract,
strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising
in any way out of the use of this product, even if advised of the
possibility of such damage).

