Ultra-TeX package
----------------------------------
(Version 0.60 of 1999/04/28)

Ultra-TeX is an Emacs mode for editing LaTeX files (well, for editing
TeX files in general, but it has been written very much with LaTeX in
mind).  It features dynamic completion on TeX commands (described
below), as well as a few other things.  For instance, it has an
intelligent math mode; by looking at the cursor position, it decides
whether you are in a math environment or not, and reacts accordingly
(e.g., if you hit the key sequence to start boldface type, it inserts
either "\mathbf" or "\textbf" depending on whether you're in math
mode).  It has other features; read the documentation for a full
description.

One of the main features of Ultra-TeX is dynamic completion on TeX
commands (although you can run Ultra-TeX without it, and some people
choose to do so).  This means that when you hit a backslash "\", Emacs
immediately tries to complete, and it continues to try to complete
after each character you type.  For example, if Ultra-TeX only knows
about the commands \sqrt[]{}, \subsection{}, and \paragraph{}, then if
you hit "\" followed by "p", Ultra-TeX inserts \paragraph{} (because
that is the only valid completion starting "\p").  If you type "\s",
then it waits for the next character; then typing "q" results in
"\sqrt[]{}", typing "u" results in "\subsection{}", and typing
anything else results in a beep.  Much of this behavior can be
customized: you can turn off dynamic completion altogether; you can
have a delay before it tries to complete (so you don't have to worry
about needing to keep an eye on the screen--you can type as much or as
little of, say, "\subsection{}", and if you want, stop and wait for it
to complete the rest, or hit the SPC key and force it to complete the
rest); with the delay you can turn off the beep for non-recognized
completions, so you can type "\sigma" without getting beeped at.

The first version of Ultra-TeX was written by Mark Haiman, then
rewritten by him and Nick Reingold.  John Palmieri then made various
modifications, including getting everything to work with Emacs 19.
Many suggestions were made by various people at MIT, Yale, and
elsewhere.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

Suggestions or comments?  Contact me:
  John Palmieri
  e-mail: palmieri@math.washington.edu
  URL:    http://www.math.washington.edu/~palmieri/
